---
title: 'I am Taha!'
date: '2025-03-01T00:31:06Z'
draft: false
---

Hi all! My name is Taha and I guess you can say this is my little blog/diary/rambling or whatever you want to call it page of this website. I'm still unsure of what I want this website to actually be to be quite frank, I essentially just wanted something where I can write stuff down and making a a GitHub pages seemed to be the most obvious choice. Moreover, I could potentially add more of my own projects and make this qutie a neat side project, however, I'm struggling with drawing the line when it becomes just a portfolio and not my website. The fact I'm using GitHub pages certainly makes it seem like its a portfolio, but I'm not sure where this would come in. I reckon I can eventually deploy my rambling stuff to a different hosting website and keep my GitHub pages strictly professional, but I digress.

The reason for this existing is I just wanted something where I could write down what's on my mind. An easy solution would be a diary, but I'm a Computer Scientists and SWE, why not turn this into a little side project, so alas I am here, albeit not very fancy. I don't think I'll be doing any major frontend stuff to this website to be honest, I just wanted to get something deployed as quickly as possible and then start adding the bells and whistles when I have time. Anyway, I'm rambling again... the true reason is I wanted to have something where I can look back and see what I have been doing. I used to pride myself on having a half decent memory, however, I am now 23 and the lines between years have started to blur together more and more as the years have gone by. I used to be able to pick an age, then pick a month and think of at least one thing I did or find something I can recall that can bring back to that time. Fortunately, I have my Google Photos backup, which has all my photos backed up across four different phones since I was 13, which makes this a lot easier. But nowadays, I'm struggling with my 20s, there's just too many years and I want something to look back on and think about what was going on at that time, and immersive myself back to that time. I don't claim to be a fantastic writer, far from it, but enough details can help me recall and I can fly away.

Another reason is that I love talking to myself, I want to put down everything I encountered, my opinions on here and just be there. Nothing special. With that being said, lets start.

Ramadan Mubarak! Ramadan is tomorrow, or well today as I am writing this. I am excited, this year once again should be a lot easier than last year, and the year before that which should be obvious. However, this year might bring about its own challenges, iftar is now going to be about 17:45-18:30, the problem is that I usually finish work at about 18:20 and I have a 40 minute commute back home... So ye this is going to be interesting. I don't exactly have a plan, I will try and come into work a lot earlier than usual so I can leave at about 16:00-17:00 and hopefully make it in time for iftar at home, but I'm really not sure how feasible that will be. I suppose we can only try.

I've just finished Mass Effect 1 a couple days ago, I really enjoyed it! I was so surprised by how alive the world felt and how real the characters felt, especially for a 2007 game. Its miraculous. Now, I'm not sure what to do here, I'm debating between playing Danganronpa 2 or Mass Effect 2. I'll let you know what I pick, it will literally be whatever I feel at that moment, currently I'm leaning towards Mass Effect 2.

Liverpool are now 13 points clear at the top of the Premier League, however, Arsenal do have a game in hand, so worst case its 10 points clear at the top. There are eight games left, and everyone is saying the title is sewn up. I still don't think its done just yet, anything can happen after all and I've been hurt too many times before to know to not start celebrating early. Regardless, I will 100% still be enjoying the rest of the season no matter what happens, a season like this and esepcially one like Salah's might only come once in a lifetime, so we have to make sure we savour every moment.

Anyway, I think that's it for my rambling today, I'm getting pretty tired and I should be heading off to bed soon since the first Sehri is less than 5 hours away :O. I have no idea how consistent I will be with these posts, I will try and aim for once a week, but no promises. Hope everyone has a wonderful and blessed month this Ramadan, take care!